over the Erika pump it Chuck sucks
Yakupov trying to play keep-away looking
a walk-in here's a chance cards
number one on Central Scouting number
one on Bob Mackenzie's draft list number
one on Craig buttons list there was a
reason fail for nail became a popular
Twitter hashtag for fans of all teams
who had a chance that the number one
overall pick this season we've talked
endlessly about nail Yakupov this year
so tonight we let him talk about himself
nail Yakupov news neucom's russia they
were number 10 because it's probably
great speed great job he has everything
what i said like what is kate solo I
like to skate ball because his faster my
legs is my breath I've had skills it's a
speed hands had everything
when I was young I watched NHL every day
I'm dream of over your dad's book
knocking I won't be like that guys I
wouldn't win Stanley Cup - I came to
Canada - playing CHL because it made me
stronger and better everything so change
wait what starts this do I want we score
a goal for sure
thank you